Generating conversation based on a series of facial expressions is subjective and might not accurately reflect a real quarrel. However, I can create a fictional dialogue between two British 19-year-old males, Liam and Finn, in Bardhaman, West Bengal, India, lasting approximately 15 minutes. The provided images will be used as inspiration for potential emotional shifts during the conversation, but the dialogue itself will be based on common quarrel scenarios.
Setting: A busy street in Bardhaman. Liam and Finn are standing slightly apart, their body language tense.
Characters:
* Liam: Showing initial anger, then potentially shifting to sadness or surprise.
* Finn: Starting with contempt or disgust, possibly moving to fear or neutral.
Dialogue:
Minute 1-3 (Initial Conflict - Liam's Anger, Finn's Contempt)
Liam: (Voice raised, mirroring the 'Anger' expression) Blimey, Finn! I can't believe you actually did that! After everything I told you?
Finn: (Scoffs, similar to 'Contempt') Oh, here we go. Drama queen strikes again. What exactly did I do that's got your knickers in a twist this time, Liam?
Liam: Don't act daft! You know exactly what I'm talking about. Going to Raj's without me? We said we'd go together!
Finn: (Rolls his eyes, hinting at 'Disgust') Cor, is that it? You're actually fuming because I went for a quick chai? Grow up, mate.
Liam: It's not just a chai, is it? You knew I was looking forward to trying his new samosas. You always do this, Finn. Always!
Finn: Oh, boo-hoo. Maybe if you weren't always glued to your phone, you would've known I was going. Besides, they weren't even that good.
Minute 4-6 (Escalation - Finn's Disgust/Annoyance, Liam's Heightened Anger)
Liam: That's not the point! The point is you went behind my back. Again! Remember what happened with the cricket match tickets?
Finn: (Shifts uncomfortably, a flicker of 'Fear' perhaps) That was different. And you were late!
Liam: (Voice louder) Late by five minutes! You didn't even wait! And now this! I thought we were mates, Finn.
Finn: (Arms crossed, expression hardening) Yeah, well, mates don't whinge about every little thing. You're making a mountain out of a molehill, as usual.
Liam: Am I? Or are you just incapable of considering anyone else's feelings? You're so selfish!
Minute 7-9 (Shifting Emotions - Liam's Sadness, Finn's Neutrality/Defensiveness)
Liam: (Voice softens, mirroring potential 'Sadness') It just... it hurts, Finn. I thought we were closer than this.
Finn: (Looks away, a more 'Neutral' expression) Look, I didn't think it was a big deal. I was just hungry.
Liam: That's all it was to you? Just hunger? What about our plans? What about being considerate?
Finn: (Sighs) Alright, alright. I should have waited. Happy now?
Liam: (Looks at Finn, a hint of 'Surprise' at the slight concession) That's it? Just "I should have waited"? No "sorry"?
Minute 10-12 (Finn's Justification, Liam's Lingering Sadness/Frustration)
Finn: What do you want me to say, Liam? I messed up, okay? But you're acting like I've committed some massive crime. We're in India, there's amazing food everywhere, and I just went to get some.
Liam: But we were going to experience it together! That was the plan! This whole trip was about doing things together!
Finn: Well, maybe you should be a bit more spontaneous then! Not everything has to be planned out to the minute.
Liam: (Shakes his head, a mix of sadness and frustration) That's not the point, Finn, and you know it. It's about the principle of it.
Minute 13-15 (Towards Resolution? - Both Showing Weariness/Slight Remorse)
Finn: (Looks at Liam, perhaps a slightly less defensive stance) Look, mate, I am a bit sorry, alright? I didn't think it would upset you this much.
Liam: (Sighs, the anger visibly subsided, replaced by a tired expression) Well, it did. Can you just... try to think about how your actions affect me next time?
Finn: Yeah, alright. I will. Now, can we just forget about the samosas and go see that temple we talked about? My treat.
Liam: (Hesitates for a moment, then nods slowly) Alright. Yeah, let's do that. But Finn...
Finn: (Looks at Liam, a hint of apprehension) What?
Liam: Just... don't do it again, yeah?
Finn: (Nods firmly) Promise. Now come on, before I get tempted by more street food without you.
(They start walking in a slightly less tense manner.)

