Characters:
* Eleanor (Ellie): 29-year-old woman.
* Thomas (Tom): Eleanor's husband.

Conversation:
Tom: (Entering the living room, smiling) Alright, love? How was your chat with your mum?
Ellie: (Sitting on the sofa, her brow furrowed, mirroring the "Anger" image slightly) Oh, it was... fine.
Tom: Just fine? You sound a bit tense. Everything alright?
Ellie: (Voice rising slightly) Well, she did it again, Tom. She brought up that whole thing with Aunt Carol and the wedding seating plan. Three years ago!
Tom: (Sighing gently) Oh, not again. What did she say this time?
Ellie: (Her expression hardening) The same old story! How Carol was 'deliberately slighted' and how 'we should have known better'. Honestly, it's infuriating! It's like she enjoys stirring things up.
Tom: (Sitting beside her and taking her hand) I know, love. It's frustrating. But you can't let it get to you this much. It's her way, isn't it?
Ellie: (Pulling her hand away, still with a hint of anger) That doesn't make it okay! It's just so... disrespectful.
Tom: Look, maybe try to see it from her perspective... (He trails off as Ellie gives him a look of mild contempt, a slight curl of her lip.)
Ellie: (Scoffs softly) Her perspective? Oh, I'm sure her perspective is always the most important one, isn't it? The one where everyone else is always in the wrong.
Tom: Now, come on, love. That's not fair.
Ellie: (Looking away, the contempt still flickering in her eyes) Isn't it? I seem to remember a few Christmases where her "perspective" involved me doing all the washing up while everyone else relaxed.
Tom: Alright, alright. I get your point. But dwelling on it won't help, will it?
Minute 4-6: Disgust (Referencing "Disgust" image)
Ellie: (Shudders slightly) You know what else she said? She mentioned that Mrs. Henderson from next door has started selling those… those knitted toilet roll covers again at the village fete.
Tom: (Chuckles) Oh dear. Not the toilet roll cosies!
Ellie: (Her face showing a hint of disgust) Exactly! They're the most ghastly things. All fluffy and… unhygienic-looking. I can't believe people actually buy them.
Tom: Well, each to their own, I suppose. They probably think they're rather charming.
Ellie: (Wrinkling her nose) Charming? They look like dust traps waiting to happen. Honestly, the thought of them… (She makes a small gagging sound playfully).
Tom: (Changing the subject gently) So, any news about your visa extension? Have you heard anything back?
Ellie: (Her eyes widening slightly, a hint of worry in her expression) Not yet. And honestly, Tom, I'm starting to get a bit… anxious about it.
Tom: Hey, now. Don't you start worrying. We submitted everything on time, didn't we? The solicitor said it all looked good.
Ellie: (Fidgeting with her fingers) Yes, but what if there's a delay? What if they need more information? What if… what if they don't approve it?
Tom: (Putting his arm around her) Whoa, hold on a minute. Let's not jump to conclusions. The vast majority of these applications are approved. Try to take a deep breath. It'll be alright.
Tom: (Trying to cheer her up) You know what made me really happy today?
Ellie: (Looking at him, a small, hesitant smile starting to form, mirroring the "Happy" image slightly) What's that?
Tom: That little boy down the street, Rohan, he finally managed to ride his bike without stabilizers! His mum was beaming, and he looked so proud. It was really sweet.
Ellie: (Her smile widening) Oh, that's lovely! I saw him trying the other day, he kept wobbling all over the place. Good for him!
Tom: It was. It was just a little moment of pure joy. Reminded me of when you finally mastered riding yours. Remember all those scraped knees?
Ellie: (Laughing) Oh, don't remind me! But yes, that feeling of freedom was amazing.
Tom: So, anything else happen today? Anything… less emotionally charged?
Ellie: (Her expression becoming more neutral, thoughtful) Hmm, let me think. I did manage to finally sort out that issue with the electricity bill. Apparently, there was a misreading last month.
Tom: Oh, good. That was bothering you, wasn't it?
Ellie: It was. It's just one of those tedious things you have to deal with. And Mrs. Sharma brought over some more of her amazing samosas.
Tom: Oh, fantastic! Are there any left?
Ellie: A couple, I think. In the kitchen.
Tom: (Getting up to get the samosas) Right, samosa time! You want one?
Ellie: (Her smile fading slightly, a hint of sadness creeping into her expression) Maybe later. You know, sometimes I really miss home.
Tom: (Returning with the samosas, noticing her change in mood) Oh, love. I know. It's tough being so far away from your family and friends.
Ellie: (Her voice a little softer) It is. Especially when Mum calls and I can hear everyone in the background. It just makes me feel a bit… lonely sometimes.
Tom: (Sitting beside her again and putting his arm around her) I know, sweetheart. But you're not alone. You have me. And we'll go back to visit soon, I promise. We'll book those flights next month, how about that?
Tom: (Reaching into his pocket) And speaking of surprises…
Ellie: (Looking at him, her sadness momentarily forgotten, a look of surprise starting to appear) What's that?
Tom: (Pulling out a small, wrapped gift) Happy… almost anniversary! I know it's a few days early, but I saw this today and thought of you.
Ellie: (Her eyes widening in surprise and a smile returning) Oh, Tom! You shouldn't have! What is it?
Tom: Open it and see!
(Ellie takes the gift, her expression a mixture of surprise and happiness as the conversation ends.)

